unnawut: I wonder if we are in the right link. Looks like I found another link.
KaydenML: Oh, is it?
Parthasarathy Ramanujam: I'm wondering the same.
Parthasarathy Ramanujam: there…
unnawut: the wind, right?
KaydenML: Can you send it to me, O?
unnawut: Yeah, it's this one that… oh, I'll try to join that room.
KaydenML: Oh, God.
KaydenML: Since Kajinder is also traveling. So on the same side, like, we finally merged the Devnet 3 matrix VR. Apart from that, we have also, updated the,
KaydenML: payload and gossip signatures map on the store side of things. There has been a fee on, helping measured on the spec side as well. Similar changes have been quoted to
KaydenML: Zoom side as still. Apart from that, we were also facing some issues during the, long-running interrupts with Checkpoint Sync, that has been resolved. And apart from that, there have been some networking updates,
KaydenML: on the same client side to make it, like, make, cost propagation more, robust.
KaydenML: So, that has been done.
KaydenML: That's pretty much it from our end.
KaydenML: Cool. Thanks, Anshao. Next is, Green. Cherry?
KaydenML: Sweet, sweet. Yeah, hopefully my laptop doesn't die in the middle of this update. But, so on the Devnet 3 side, we… we've updated the metrics, to include the, attestation Subnet committee, metric.
KaydenML: that Katya was requesting, and we've been working on fixing a lot of our sync issues, so Derek has been influential in fixing some of them. We were running into stalls, and we've been continuing Devnet, debugging what's happening over there on Devnet 3.
KaydenML: On the Devnet forefront, we have… we are currently working through the key separation PR, the attestation and proposal key separation. I believe we would have all the changes from that PR merge in by today or the latest tomorrow, so if,
KaydenML: if the cryptography stuff from LeanSig is ready to go at that time. I haven't tested that stuff, I… I read that something was happening on that front. So if those things are ready to go, we should be able to interop on Devnet 4 by end of this week.
KaydenML: And on the spec side, we've been working on fixing some of the test vectors on the spec side, as well as the ream side.
KaydenML: So, O has been taking, the foot forward there. He's been, he's been making great first issues, good first issues for, new contributors to take up. So, so that's what we've been doing.
KaydenML: Thanks, Eric. Next in the reverse alphabetical order is, clean.
KaydenML: Hello. There is currently no updates for Kulin. We're starting the Devnet 4.
KaydenML: work, and… but we took some time to try and make automated, interrupt testing.
KaydenML: These are small tests, like start network, run for some slots. I sent the link in the tooling chat, and so it's…
KaydenML: allows to run test fast and in different combinations, for example, Nimbus Nimbus, Nimbus Erigon.
KaydenML: And, we'll add later option to run local VS.
KaydenML: Let me go to a level.
KaydenML: Fixing the tests.
KaydenML: Pistor.
KaydenML: Thank you.
KaydenML: Cool, thanks for some. Next is, and me.
Raymond: Yeah, we have just finished it, I think.
KaydenML: being that there's, Grandine next, I think RTM said that Mercy will be taking care of them.
KaydenML: Oh, Justin, Drake, and Thomas, there's actually a new link. I just realized I was going on my… I could send you guys the new link.
Thomas Coratger: Please.
KaydenML: and it blocks from here, so locally, it's… I added a slash method. I'm trying to, like, see how that plays out, and how it holds up on default sentenced.